## Completed research project
#### [1]  January 2022 - March 2023: Extermal Locally Uniform Combinatorial Structures <br>
A k-regular graph of girth g and minimal order is called a (k, g)-cage. The orders of cages are determined for only few sets of parameter pairs (k, g), and the general problem of determining these orders and constructing at least one (k, g)-cage for each pair of parameters is called the Cage Problem. The voltage lift construction is among the most widely used constructions of small (k, g)-graphs, with the orders of the constructed graphs depending on the choice of a base graph, a voltage group, and a specific voltage assignment. Successful application of the voltage lift construction therefore often requires significant computer aided experimentation with the three fundamental ingredients. We survey some known results concerning the voltage lift construction, and discuss ways to decrease the orders of the smallest known (k, g)-graphs for some specific parameter pairs (k, g).

#### [2] September 2013 - August 2018: The Supercharacter Theories of a Finite Group and the Structure of Their Associated Normal Subgroups (Ph.D. Thesis)
In this project, we present an efficient algorithm of time complexity O(n2B(n)). We use this algorithm to obtain all <a href="https://www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/20161972.pdf">supercharacter theories</a> of a finite group. Our another aim is to move towards a classification of all finite simple groups with exactly three or four supercharacter theories. Moreover, the notion of groups with quasi identical character table is introduced and it is proved that the number of supercharacter theories of groups with quasi identical character tables is the same, but the converse is not true in general. Finally, a graph is associated to the set of all C-normal subgroups with respect to a supercharacter theory C and apply this graph to investigate the structure of groups under consideration.
#### [3] April 2017 - January 2019: Relationship between Stability and Structure Invaraiants of Fullerens and Nanotubes (with <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hqM116QAAAAJ&hl=en">A.R. Ashrafi</a>)
#### [4] October 2015 - February 2017: Effect of Topology and Symmetry on Nanostructures (with <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hqM116QAAAAJ&hl=en">A.R. Ashrafi</a>)
#### [5] June 2014 - February 2015: Distanced-Symmetry Based Indices of Fullerenes, Nanotubes, Nanocones and Noanstars (with <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hqM116QAAAAJ&hl=en">A.R. Ashrafi</a>)
#### [6] July 2013 - April 2014: Symmetry Groups of Nanotubes and Nanotori (with <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hqM116QAAAAJ&hl=en">A.R. Ashrafi</a>)
#### [7] July 2012 - October 2014: Using of Polya Counting Theorem and Cycle Index Polynomial of a Finite Group (with <a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=hqM116QAAAAJ&hl=en">A.R. Ashrafi</a>, H. Shabani, E. Haghi, A. Tadayon-Far, H. Khodashenas, M. Hakimi-Nezhad)
#### [8] September 2010 - August 2013: Counting Assembly Pathway by Using Permutation Group Action (Master Thesis) 
Counting physical and chemical structures by group action returns to George Polya’s work in the first half of twentieth century. Later, mathematicians such as Kerber and Fripertinger continued the pioneering work of Polya by improving Polya’s celebration theorem. In this project, we review the George Polya’s works and then compute the number of orbits of a given group on a collection of assembly trees. Furthermore, the automorphism group of various classes of fullerenes and D5 networks have been obtained. By using these calculations and a <a href="https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10440-009-9503-8">paper</a> of <a href="https://mathscinet.ams.org/mathscinet/MRAuthorID/197410">Darafsheh</a>, we have computed some distance-based graph invariants of fullerene graphs and D5 networks.


